Alright! Let's begin by designing **Lab 4: ** using the provided Superstore data.



---



### ✅ **Report 1:Change in State Rankings for West Region Report**


1. Drag **Order Date** to the Columns shelf.(Set to Year)
2. Drop **Sales** in Rows ( Double tap and enter `Rank(Sum(Sales))` )
3. Drop **Order Date** in filters (Choose year)
4. Drop Region -> West
5. Drop State in Label
6. Add a table calculation for Sales. Choose states in Specifc Dimensions

Set the label configuration as below and also set the visual to Entire View



---

### ✅ **Report 2: Bump Chart Report**

Just duplicate the above report. Remove Order date from the Filters. 


---

### ✅ **Report 3: Waterfall ChartReport**


1. Drag **Department**  and `Category` to the Columns shelf.
2. Drop **Profit** in Rows follow the below configuration

3. Drop Profit in Color and Size
4. Double tap on  Profit and enter -SUM([Profit])
5. In Marks card and choose Gantt Bar

----

### ✅ **Report 4: Step Lines Report**


1. Drag **Department**  and `Category` to the Columns shelf.
2. Drop **Profit** in Rows follow the below configuration

3. Drop `Category` in filters. Choose all the items.
4. Add Profit in Color
5. Set the Marks Card to Line type. Once you set that, you will be able to see the path option. You can set the line type to Step.

Change the view to Entire View

-----


### ✅ **Report 5: Spark Lines Report**


1. Drag `Order Date` to the Columns shelf. Choose as Quarter
2. Create calculated fields for the below using the approriate formulas

- Last Sales - `IF LAST() == 0 THEN SUM([Sales]) END`
- Min Sales - `WINDOW_MAX(SUM([Sales]))`
- Max Sales - `WINDOW_MIN(SUM([Sales]))`

3. Drop **Category** , `Min Sales`, `Max Sales`, `Sales` and `Last sales` in Rows.

4. Add table calculation for Min , Max and Last Sales as below

**Compute using - Table(across)**

5. For Sales set it as Line and for Last sales as Circle

Change the Type as Fit Height

-----

### ✅ **Report 6: Dumbbell Chart **



1. Drag **Profit** to the Columns shelf twice.
2. Drop **Category** in Rows 
3. Add Region to Filters( Choose West and East)

4. For one of Sum(Profit) set it to Line. Pull Region to path
5. For another Sum(Profit) set it to Circle. Pull Region to Color
 -----
 ### ✅ **Report 7: Unit Chart Report**

Duplicate the above report and set the trend line as **Logarithmic**

---------

### ✅ Report 8: Power Report 

Duplicate the above report and set the trend line as **Power**

------------
### ✅ **Report 9 : 3rd Degree Polynomial**

1. Drag **Size(Sq Ft)** to the Columns shelf.
2. Drop **Price** and Type of Sale in Rows 
3. Add Address to Detail
4. Choose a Polynomal. Set the configuration.


---
### ✅ **dasboard :Testing Predictions **

Crate a dashboard by adding the above report.

------------
### ✅ **Report 10  :Clustering of Addresses **

1. Drag **Size(Sq Ft)** to the Columns shelf.
2. Drop **Price** and Type of Sale in Rows 
3. Add Address to Detail.
4. create a group for address. Name it is as Address(clusters) . Set the groups as Mid-range , Low - Price Size and High Price & Size
5. Drop this field in Color

---------
### ✅ Report 11  :Clustering on a Map 

1. Drop  `Longitude` in Columns (Set the Measure as Longitude)
2. Drop `Latitude` in Rows (Set the Measure as Latitude)
3. Drop Address in Detail
4. Drop Address(Clusters) in Color.

------------

### ✅ Report 12  : Distributions: Standard Deviation

1. Drop  `Type of Sale` and `Size(Sq Ft)` in Columns
2. Drop `Price` in Rows
3. Drop 'Type of Sale' in Color 
4. Drop Address in Detail.
5. Add Reference Line by using the Analytics tab . Set refernce line as below
-----------------------

### ✅ Report 13  : Standard Deviation of Price and Size

1. Drop  `Size(Sq Ft)` in Columns
2. Drop `Price` in Rows
3. Drop 'Type of Sale' in Color 
4. Drop Address in Detail.
5. Add Reference Line by using the Analytics tab/ right clcik on the axis . Set refernce bands as below
---------

### ✅ Report 14  : Population Forecast

1. Drop  `Year` in Columns
2. Drop `Population` in Rows
3. Drop `Country Name` in Filters (choose any countries) then drop in Color and Label.
4. Use Forecast option from the Analytical tab. 

---------------

