Alright! Let's begin by designing **Lab 1** using the provided Superstore data.



---

### ✅ **Report 1: Values and years Report**

1. Drag Measure Names to the Columns and Rows shelf.
2. Drag Measure Names to Filters.
3. Drop Country Name in Color. Choose any country

Set the marks card to Line


### ✅ **Report 2:Using Tall Data **

**Use Tall(country) data.**

1. Drag Year to the Columns 
2. Drag Population to Rows shelf.
3. Drop Country Name in Color. Choose any country


---

### ✅ **Report 3: Country by population Report**

1. Drag Year to the Columns 
2. Drag Population to Rows shelf.

Add formatting as per your need

---

### ✅ **Report 4: Namy by Bank account balance Chart**


1. Drag Bank Account balance to the Columns shelf.
2. Drag Name to the Rows shelf.
3. Drop Table Name in color.

Sort it by descending order

----

### ✅ **Report 5: Patients in Hospital **

1. Drag Date to the Columns shelf.Se it to Day
2. Drag Patients in Hospital to the Rows shelf.
3.Set the marks card to Area.

4. Add a reference line for entire table as below.



-----

### ✅ **Report 6: Measures Per Apartment **

1. Drag Measure Names to the Columns shelf.Sort it by descending order
2. Drag Apartment to the Rows shelf. 

3. Drop Measure values to Text.
4. Drop Measure Names to filters



--------

### Report 7 : Rent per Square Foot

Duplicate the above report

1. Create the below calcualted fields

- Rent per Square Foot (wrong - AVG) - `SUM([Rent Collected]) / AVG([Square Feet])`
- Rent per Square Foot (wrong - MIN) - `SUM([Rent Collected]) / MIN([Square Feet])`
- Rent per Square Foot (wrong - SUM) - `SUM([Rent Collected]) / SUM([Square Feet])`
- Rent per Square Foot (wrong- MAX) - `SUM([Rent Collected]) / MAX([Square Feet])`

2. Sort the Measure Names to descending order


-----------------
### Report 8: Solving Rent per Square Foot with LOD


1. Drag Measure Names to the Columns shelf.Sort it by descending order
2. Drag Apartment to the Rows shelf. 
3. Drop Measure values to Text.
4. Drop Measure Names to filters.

- Choose Rent collected
- Square feet per apartment
- Rent Collected per Square Foot set to agrregate([Rent Collected per Square Foot])

--------


