Alright! Let's begin by designing **Lab 4: ** using the provided Superstore data.



---

### ✅ **Report 1: Sales by Department and Category Report**

1. Drag **Customer Segment** to the Columns shelf.
2. Drop **Department** and **Category** in Rows 
3. Drop Sales in Text




---

### ✅ **Report 2: Custom Date Formatting**


**Steps**:


1. Drop Order Date( set it as Month) in Columns
2. Drop Sales in Rows. 
3. Drop Order Date in Filters ( Choose Year 2016)
---

### ✅ **Report 3: Show at Indicator Report**


1. Drop Order Date( set it as Day) in Columns
2.Ceate Calculated field `Profit (some nulll values)`

**Formula**

`IF INT([Profit]) % 5 != 0 THEN [Profit] END`

Drop this field in Rows. 
3. Drop Order Date in Filters ( Choose Year 2016)
4. Add Order Date in Filters and choose December 2016
5. Add Department -> Furniture in Filters

6. Now add a reference line using the below configuration



----

### ✅ **Report 4: Show at Default Value Report**

Duplicate the report 3 

1. Right click on the left axis -> Format ->Pane-> Special Values -> Show at Default Value

-----

### ✅ **Report 5: Hide (Connect Lines) Report**

Duplicate the report 4

1. Right click on the left axis -> Format ->Pane-> Special Values -> Hide (Connect Lines)
--------

### ✅ **Report 6: Hide (Break Lines) Report**

Just duplicate Report 5. 


1. Right click on the left axis -> Format ->Pane-> Special Values -> Hide (Break Lines)


-----

### ✅ **Report 7: Bar Chart indicates missing days**

Duplicate report 6

1. Just Replace `Profit` instead of `Profit (some nulll values)` in rows
2. In **Marks** card set the type of visual to **Bar**

 -----
 ### ✅ **Report 8: Sales Trends Report**

1. Drop Department and Order Date in Columns(Set as Quarter)
2. Drop Sales in Rows
3. Drop Department in Filters (Set as Office Suplies)
4. Order Date in filters (Set to Quarters) again click on the arrow to set Year/Quarter format
5. Right click on the graph and select show trend lines
6. Right click on the trend line -> Edit all Trend Lines -> Check the box of Show confidence brands. 
7. Now select a point in the lowest drop and right click -> Annotate -> set a configuration like below
Similarly you can do this for highest point in the graph as well.


---------

### ✅ **Report 9: Dramatic Formatting Report**

1. Drop `Order Date` in Columns set as  **Quarter**
2. Drop `Sales` in Rows. 
3. Drop Department in Filters (Set as Office Suplies)
4.  Order Date in filters (Set to Quarters) again click on the arrow to set Year/Quarter format
5. Right click on the left axis -> format -> Axis -> Font(Blue) and Title (Blue)-> Under **Scale** set **Numbers** to 2 decimal  and change the currency to $.
6. Click on the Shading and Set Worksheet Color to Black.
7. Add the trend line and annotations to highest and lowest points of the graph.

------------
### ✅ **Report 10 : Sales Per State Report**

1. Drop `Region`and `State` in Rows.

2. Drop `Sales` in Columns

3. Drop the following in details and use the formulas along. (Just double click on them)
State - `TOTAL(COUNTD([State]))`
Window Sum - `WINDOW_SUM(MIN(1))`
Size - `Size()`

Add table configuration for the above fields as follows

4. Drop **Region** in Filters and choose `Central` and `South`

---
